Q. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
using the diff or the fc command to compare the two versions of the file showed us exactly where the two files differ or where the bug is 
and what should be corrected in order to change things, whether it being a typo error or any deliberately made change. In this way we can 
correct our codes and get the desired results. Because we can view both the files along with their corresponding lines alongside each other.

Q. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having access to the entire history of a file provides us with a capability to always look back at our previously saved versions of our file, 
view changes made to the file at any instant of time, restore previous versions as well as compare different versions to spot a bug in the code.
In this way we have the complete record of our work done till now and this makes us a better programmer in the long run coz we can always come
back to our previous code in case we made some errors.

Q. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing whwn to create a commit, like you do it in Git, versus having versions 
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros of manual:-
we could decide ourselves when to save a change, whether its a logical change or not and in this way we could avoid cluttering of our file 
history without losing anything significant.
Cons of manual:-
Being human, its in our nature to make mistakes, so it could be possible that sometimes we might forget to make commits at the right time and 
end up losing some important changes made to the code/file.
Pros of automatic:-
opp of con of manual.
Cons of automatic:-
VCS like Google Docs and Dropbox automatically saves our file at fixed intervals of time irrespective of the changes made, even for the 
insignificant ones, so this leads to fairly small sized commits and therefore a large number of commits as well.

Q. What do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file seperately?
Git allows to make commits across multiples files in repository at the same time which are usually related to each other. This helps us to keep 
track of all the files simultanously and also compare them or review changes if needed as opposed to other VCS like Google Docs.

Q. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
After cloning the repository simply type git log to view some of the recent commits of the files in the repository and git diff followed by commit id 1
and commit id 2 to compare two commits and view the differences between them.

Q. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could braek something?
Using Git(version control system), we can easily find and locate the bug introduced in our code. We can find that commit/save point that actually 
introduced the bug and can thus make changes to that commit and correct our code. All this can be done with the help of git checkout command.

Q. Now that you have your workspace setup, what do you want to try using git for?
First and foremost, i would like to clone a repository onto my computer and execute all the git commands that i have learned so far. Then i would 
try to find out bugs,if any, in the code and try to fix that.

 
   